hello-meld-2/README.md, before:

# Hello MELD (2)

This is the second minimal "Hello MELD" app.  It loads and displays an MEI-encoded score and an MP3 audio resource using the MELD core react libraries.

The code is based on `hello-meld-1`, which in turn is a stripped-down version of [TROMPA's `selectable-score-demo`](https://github.com/trompamusic/selectable-score-demo).

There is also a dependency on Apple's XCode, and requires to agree licences:

    sudo xcodebuild -license

(Why this is sudo, I can't imagine)

## Setup

1. Activate node (see activate-node.sh in parent directory).

2. Ensure XCode is installed and licences agreed:

        sudo xcodebuild -license

3. If necessary, remove old node-modules and package-lock.json:

        rm -rf ./node-modules
        rm package-lock.json

4. Install

        npm install

   The following may also be required:

        cd node_modules/meld-core-clients
        npm run build
        cd ../..


5. Run the server:

        npm start

6. Browse to http://localhost:8080


## Running with local copy of meld-clients-core project files

1. In local copy of meld-clients-core:

        npm install
        npm run build
        npm link
        rm package-lock.js
        rm -rf node_modules   # or mv node_modules node_modules_save

2. In hello-meld-2 project

        # rm package-lock.js
        # rm -rf node_modules
        npm install
        npm link meld-clients-core  # Note: after install?
        npm start


## Use Verovio to generate MEI from Musescore MusicXML

The Verovio web site includes a MusicXML converter:

- https://www.verovio.org/musicxml.html

For options used when loading the resulting MEI, see:

- https://www.verovio.org/command-line.xhtml

These are reflected as entries in vrvOptions in App.js

See discussion at https://meld-music.slack.com/archives/CGD53LR9U/p1606816538268500.  Specifically, to use line breaks as set up by MuseScore, include `breaks: 'line'` in the `vrvOptions` value.

Commit message:

Work in progress: trying to refactor hello-meld-2 for testing.  Hit numerous react problems. Also problems with prevuously working hello-meld-3, but that is now working from clean rebuild. Testing against meld-clients-core commit ca42cd0ab166ce2a106fbe0b7a9ceb724af390f7.

hello-meld-2/README.md, after:

# Hello MELD (2)

This is the second minimal "Hello MELD" app.  It loads and displays an MEI-encoded score and an MP3 audio resource using the MELD core react libraries.

The code is based on `hello-meld-1`, which in turn is a stripped-down version of [TROMPA's `selectable-score-demo`](https://github.com/trompamusic/selectable-score-demo).

There is also a dependency on Apple's XCode, and requires to agree licences:

    sudo xcodebuild -license

(Why this is sudo, I can't imagine)

## Setup

1. Activate node (see activate-node.sh in parent directory).

2. Ensure XCode is installed and licences agreed:

        sudo xcodebuild -license

3. If necessary, remove old node-modules and package-lock.json:

        rm -rf ./node-modules
        rm package-lock.json

4. Install

        npm install

   The following may also be required:

        cd node_modules/meld-core-clients
        npm run build
        cd ../..


5. Run the server:

        npm start

6. Browse to http://localhost:8080


## Running with local copy of meld-clients-core project files

1. In local copy of meld-clients-core:

        npm install
        npm run build
        npm link
        rm package-lock.json
        rm -rf node_modules   # or mv node_modules node_modules_save

    (Or use script `build-meld-clients-core-lib.sh` in that package.)

2. In hello-meld-2 project

        # rm package-lock.js
        # rm -rf node_modules
        npm install
        npm link meld-clients-core  # Note: after install?
        npm start


## Use Verovio to generate MEI from Musescore MusicXML

The Verovio web site includes a MusicXML converter:

- https://www.verovio.org/musicxml.html

For options used when loading the resulting MEI, see:

- https://www.verovio.org/command-line.xhtml

These are reflected as entries in vrvOptions in App.js

See discussion at https://meld-music.slack.com/archives/CGD53LR9U/p1606816538268500.  Specifically, to use line breaks as set up by MuseScore, include `breaks: 'line'` in the `vrvOptions` value.
